all right I just want to make another
quick repair video of my 2006 Cadillac
DTS I had a misfire code which was p0
303 which means cylinder number three
with misfiring and that is the second
one on the back over here okay but I
just want to make another quick repair
video to show you guys how to change
spark plugs to note you know change your
ignition coil in your Cadillac DTS it is
very simple very easy to do you have one
to ten millimeter bolt right here take
that out pop up your coil and then
change the spark plug it's that simple
you could probably do the front set up
probably 10-15 minutes yourself it is
that easy to do okay so I had cylinder
number three misfiring which is this one
right here so I put in this I put a new
spark plug in it it did not solve my
problems so I swapped coils from number
three number one okay and the code
immediately jumped to number one so
right then I knew that the ignition coil
was bad so I ordered a new ignition coil
put it on and it has soft my misfire
problem so to change the back ones
let me see on your back here to change
the back ones you have a 10 millimeter
bolt right here and you have your
connector right here you just want to
push down on the connector and then pull
out and then the coil will pop up and
you can change the spark plug it's not
too hard it's pretty easy access to do
this one to do this one over here you
might have to loosen up the secondary
air valve right here I'm not too sure I
have not looked at it that well but I
know the 2000 2005 North Star you you
have to but I'm not too sure but you
might have to just loosen this up and
then you can change that one another tip
is when you change your spark plugs in
the North Star please put AC Delco the
Platinum spark plug in a North Star will
not run right without this specific
spark plug so please spend a little bit
more money to put these spark plugs back
in
your your Northstar engine okay so all
you will need for this job is the ten
millimeter socket ratchet obviously if
you can do spark flick spark plugs or
ignition coil so it is as simple to do
just wanted to show you guys so you can
save some money save a trip to the
dealer because they will charge you a
lot of money to do this you know when
you can do to easily do this at home
yourself and I was also you guys real
quick here is the bad news and coil it
was having a causing problems alright
guys that is how you change your spark
plugs your Nixon coil in the 2006
Cadillac DTS hope you enjoy the video